Add HCL syntax guide and link it to first deploy guide (#3)
omsf-eco-infra/tf-tutorial: hcl_syntax_overview.md

# HCL Syntax Overview

HCL is a language designed to be relatively easy for humans to read and edit.
It is not necessary to fully understand the syntax of HCL to use Terraform.
However, some familiarity will make it easier to modify and extend code examples for your own needs.

## Arguments and Blocks

Arguments assign values to names:

```HCL
name = "my-server"
instance_count = 3
enabled = true
```

Blocks are containers for other content.

```HCL
resource "aws_instance" "web" {
  ami           = "ami-12345"
  instance_type = "t2.micro"
}
```

Blocks have a type, label(s) and a body enclosed in braces.
In the example above `resource` is a type, `"aws_instance"` and `"web"` are labels.
The block type defines how many labels are required.

> In this example (when working with the AWS provider) the `resource` type requires two labels.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Blocks have a block type, zero or more block labels, and a body enclosed in braces.
In the example above `resource` is the block type, `"aws_instance"` and `"web"` are block labels.
The block type defines how many labels are required.
In this example (which uses the AWS provider) the `resource` block type requires two block labels.
```

I know if feels redundant to keep adding "block" here, but "label"/"type" alone can get confusing (consider that in this example, the first block label is also known as the resource type.)

"when working with" -> "which uses" to avoid misreading that as being specific to the AWS provider -- the `resource` block type ALWAYS requires 2 labels.

## Comments

HCL supports a few different ways to format comments in HCL code:

```HCL
# Single line comment

// Also a single line comment

/* Multi-line
   comment block */
```

## Data Types

HCL supports several primitive data types:

```HCL
# Strings
name = "hello"
multiline = <<EOF
This is a
multiline string
EOF

# Numbers
count = 42
price = 19.99

# Booleans
enabled = true
disabled = false

# Null
value = null
```

as well as lists:

```HCL
availability_zones = ["us-west-1a", "us-west-1b"]
ports = [80, 443, 8080]
```

and maps:

```HCL
tags = {
  Environment = "production"
  Owner       = "team-platform"
}
```

> 

Reviewer: Could we add a brief section on functions here? Just to show the syntax `function(arg1, arg2)` and mention that they can be built-in or provider-based.

Author: Yes, I wasn't sure when to "stop" -- I think functions are common enough and worth explaining here!
